feat(flags): Consolidate feature flags pull requests (#12005)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/feature-flags/change-tracking-cta-launchdarkly/_default.mdx

Reviewer: We should update this page to use this include instead of repeating the full "Change Tracking" steps

https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/11970/files#diff-ca730631cb5c3e4f09c4f71a7030616dc7e011591e371574f68f100b7df7327c

> ## Change Tracking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Tracking Changes
```

> Sentry can track changes to feature flag definitions and report suspicious feature flag edits. To enable the change tracking integration click the "Set Up Integration" button on the feature flag table contained within the Issue Details page. This will trigger a fly out which will guide you through the two step process.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sentry can track changes to feature flag definitions and report suspicious feature flag edits. To enable the change-tracking integration, click the "Set Up Integration" button on the feature flag table, which you'll find on the **Issue Details** page. This will trigger a flyout that will guide you through the two-step process.

You can navigate to the **Issue Details** page by clicking any issue on the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/issues/) page.

```

![Integration UI](./img/ff-integration-ui.png)

> Under the "Integrate Feature Flag Service" heading a Sentry webhook URL has been provided. Additionally, a link to LaunchDarkly's webhook registration interface has been provided. Paste the Sentry webhook URL into the input box labeled "URL" within the LaunchDarkly webhook registration UI.
> 
> Next a signing secret must be created. Check the box that says "Sign this webhook". This will reveal an input element which contains your signing secret. Copy and paste this signing secret into the input box labeled "Secret" on the Sentry fly out. Click "Save Secret" in the Sentry UI, then click "Save Settings" in the LaunchDarkly UI, and you're done. Sentry will now accept and authenticate all inbound hooks to your organization's feature flag webhook endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the "Integrate Feature Flag Service" section, you'll find a Sentry webhook URL and a link to LaunchDarkly's webhook registration interface.

1. **Register the Webhook:** Paste the Sentry webhook URL into the "URL" field in the LaunchDarkly [webhook integration UI](https://app.launchdarkly.com/settings/integrations/webhooks/new).

2. **Set the Signing Secret:**
- Check the "Sign this webhook" box to reveal the signing secret.
- Copy the secret and paste it into the "Secret" field in Sentry's configuration.
- Click "Save Secret" in Sentry and "Save Settings" in LaunchDarkly.

Once saved, Sentry will authenticate all incoming webhooks to your feature flag endpoint.
```
